deprecate Mydumper (#15196) (#15335)
pingcap/docs: ecosystem-tool-user-guide.md

> **Note:**
>

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> > PingCAP previously maintained a fork of the [mydumper project](https://github.com/maxbube/mydumper) with enhancements specific to TiDB. This fork has since been replaced by [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md), which has been rewritten in Golang, and provides more optimizations specific to TiDB. It is strongly recommended that you use Dumpling instead of mydumper.
> =======
> > PingCAP previously maintained a fork of the [mydumper project](https://github.com/maxbube/mydumper) with enhancements specific to TiDB. Starting from v7.5.0, [Mydumper](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v4.0/mydumper-overview) is deprecated and most of its features have been replaced by [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md). It is strongly recommended that you use Dumpling instead of Mydumper.
> >>>>>>> ed2d72b278 (deprecate Mydumper (#15196))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> PingCAP previously maintained a fork of the [mydumper project](https://github.com/maxbube/mydumper) with enhancements specific to TiDB. For more information on Mydumper, refer to [v4.0 Mydumper documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v4.0/backup-and-restore-using-mydumper-lightning). Starting from v7.5.0, [Mydumper](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v4.0/mydumper-overview) is deprecated and most of its features have been replaced by [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md). It is strongly recommended that you use Dumpling instead of Mydumper.
```
